%META:TOPICINFO{author="prakriti" date="1494432032" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="PSC1148AV"}%
Note that the front office (PSC 1208) has a portable webcam with a USB connection that you can plug into your laptop, which is useful for transmitting a presentation on the large monitor to remote participants. The webcam has a remote for panning, or you can just pick it up. On computer microphone settings, it's called a "BCC950 Conference Cam".

---+ Making a Video Call Using WebEx in PSC1148

It's generally best to schedule a WebEx videoconference in advance and send an email link to the participants.
   1 Go to https://umd.webex.com.
   1 Log in using your UMD Directory ID.
   1 Click on "Meeting Center" on the top, then "Schedule a Meeting" on the left.
   1 Complete the meeting form. It's fine to keep the system-generated password. You can leave the 'Attendees' box blank and click on "Send a copy of the invitation email to me". This way, you will receive the meeting's URL ("Join the meeting").
   1 You can forward the URL to anyone who you wish to participate. In your instructions to them, note that they may be asked to install a browser extension if it's their first time using WebEx on their computer's web browser. Next, they'll sign in to WebEx with their name and an email address. Next, under "Audio Connection", they should select "Call Using Computer". They can optionally share their video during the meeting.
When you're ready for the meeting, then follow the next set of instructions.
   1 Touch the CRESTRON touchscreen to wake up the system.
   1 Press the 'Start' button.
   1 To use the conference room's camera, microphone, and speakers, it is generally easiest to run the WebEx video call on the 'Room PC' instead of a laptop. On the CRESTRON touchscreen, select 'Room PC' for input. Turn on the wireless keyboard. Touch any key to wake up the PC. If the PC is logged out, then log in with your UMD Directory ID.
   1 To instead use your personal laptop's camera, microphone, and speakers, plug the table's HDMI or VGA cable into your laptop. On the CRESTRON touchscreen, select 'Table HDMI/VGA'.
   1 Start a web browser, go to https://umd.webex.com, and log in using your UMD Directory ID.
   1 Click on "Meeting Center" on the top, then "My Meetings" on the left. Click on the green "Start" button on the right for your meeting.
   1 Under "Audio Connection", select "Call Using Computer".
   1 Other participants should appear in the top right window. You can turn their video on/off during the meeting (assuming that they're sharing their video). Likewise, you can mute/unmute them.
   1 If using the room's camera, the 'Camera' button on the CRESTRON touchscreen allows you to zoom or pan.
   1 You can adjust the volume with a volume control on the right-bottom of the main touchscreen.
   1 When finished, log out of the 'Room PC' (if you've been using it), and select 'Shutdown' on the CRESTRON touchscreen.
---+ Making a Video Call Using Skype in PSC 1148 
   1 If you want to use Skype on your personal laptop, plug the table's HDMI or VGA cable into your laptop.
   1 To use the room's camera, you will need to use the Room PC or Room Mac Mini. Log into one of those with your University directory account. Check the A/V settings on Skype. The audio 'Speakers' and 'Ringer' should be set to Crestron.
   1 Touch the CRESTRON touchscreen to wake up the system.
   1 Press the start button.
   1 On the main touchscreen menu, select your chosen input (e.g. 'Table HDMI/VGA' or 'Room PC') and an output display.
   1 Run a Skype video call as usual.
   1 If using the room's camera, the 'Camera' button on the CRESTRON touchscreen allows you to zoom or pan.
   1 You can adjust the volume with a volume control on the right-bottom of the main touchscreen.
   1 When finished, log out of the computer and select 'Shutdown' on the CRESTRON touchscreen.
-- Main.EricMcKenzie - 2016-07-12